Mr. Chen Shengshi Group can assist you in becoming a Lin
President of the Group
But only if the shares of Lin's Group
You can't take medicine.
Pardon me?
Do you want Brother Shixian to be the president of Kunlei?
If Mr. Chen agrees to the conditions of Shengshi Group
Shengshi Group can make an announcement today.
This is what you said about the support of Shengshi Group for me.
Sight brother is not like this
Let me explain.
husband
Explain what?
Wife, why are you here?
I heard my sister say
Someone is in the position of president of Lin's Group
So I came to take a look.
Who is the husband?
The wife is my sister's nonsense
You go
Lord Wang, why are you here?